**Injustice**
#Cyrus used to be in the US military, and he and his wife were a lovely couple. One night, his wife gave birth to a daughter, #Venus, but she died that night when giving birth as well. Since then, #Cyrus quitted the US military and became a mercenary in order to make more money and offer more to his daughter. 18 years later, Venus was already taking university, and one day when #Cyrus was accompanying #Venus to the school for the parent's meeting, a car bumped into the two. Despite #Cyrus doing his best to protect #Venus, she was still killed in this fatal car crash. Having both of his loved ones died in front of him, #Cyrus completely lost control, but there was nothing that he could do except for charging against the riches on court. On the court, the driver, #Aeren, #Venus's classmate who belonged to a rich family, was not found guilty because her father, #Matthew, found the best lawyer in town, #Kelly, to defend his daughter. Despite #Cyrus insisting on appealing, his case was still rejected by the States. He invested everything into his daughter and now there were all gone. Having nothing left, #Cyrus planned to take revenge against the riches. #Cyrus first tracked down the policeman who helped #Aeren throw away the alcohol bottle, causing the crucial evidence to be missing and hence for #Aeren to not be found guilty. After knocking him unconscious, #Cyrus poured 75% ethanol solution into the policeman's mouth, killing him brutally. He also recorded the whole process and broadcast to the whole city, warning the ones who didn't let justice be served will face similar consequences. #Cyrus' next target was #Kelly, who verbally defended #Aeren and didn't leave #Cyrus any chance to speak up for himself. He kidnapped her and put her in a rubbish bag. #Cyrus then used a vacuum cleaner and extract all the air, making her unable to breathe. Next, #Cyrus broke into #Matthew's flat and after defeating dozens of minions, he knocked out #Aeren and #Matthew, and brought them to his secret layer. Meanwhile, Interpol was already aware of #Cyrus' actions, and they sent an agent named #Sharon to be in charge of the case. #Cyrus forced #Matthew to make a choice: either #Matthew sexually assaulted #Aeren, or #Cyrus would detonate the bomb he planted in #Matthew's vault, where all the money he earned from the black market is kept. In order to not ruin his reputation and lose his wealth, #Matthew chose the former. Without #Matthew noticing, #Cyrus also secretly streamed the whole process and broadcast it to the whole city. #Sharon and the rest of the Interpol agents soon located their whereabouts by tracking the source of the broadcast. They arrived and shot #Cyrus on site, but he escaped and was nowhere to be found. #Aeren and #Matthew were saved, but #Aeren was terribly traumatized. A few months later, #Matthew was sent to court again as somebody anonymous uploaded a recording of him selecting to assault his daughter over letting #Cyrus destroy his vault. On the court, #Matthew defended that he was protecting his employee's safeties by deciding to put his daughter in danger instead. The public called #Matthew a hero, but his daughter didn't see him that way. #Aeren never talked to #Matthew since then, and a few days later she jumped off a building. It turned out that Cyrus didn't escape after the Interpol arrived. Instead, he was teleported to a place he didn't recognize. Three girls who called themselves [[Fates]] told him this is the [[Time Bureau]], and they want him to become their first [[Time Agent]]. #Cyrus stated he didn't have time to play around with them and demanded them to send him back, but the leading girl simply stood up and slightly moved his palm - #Cyrus was then sent back to the moment his daughter was killed. Her death looped over and over again, and every time #Cyrus still couldn't save #Venus. Cyrus was devastated until the girl sent him to the [[Time Bureau]] HQ. She revealed to him that they could alter the timeline to save #Venus, but in return, #Cyrus would have to work with them and safeguard the [[Main Timeline]].