---
layout: default
---

### Plot Summary

## Chapter 1 – Eamon

Eamon and Enoch are brothers from a poor family, only having their mother to take care of them. When Enoch was 13 years old, Eamon, who’s older than Enoch for 10 years, told Enoch he would be joining Interpol, and hence couldn’t return home anytime soon. A few years after Eamon’s departure, life became worse for Enoch as their mother was diagnosed with cancer. A great amount of money is required to pay the bills, and when Enoch contacted Eamon, he only stated he would find a way to solve the problem but didn’t send him money immediately. Enoch hence started stealing as a living and got expelled from school as a result. Enoch gradually picked up more burglar skills and started stealing valuables. Once, he partnered with some of his friends in a gang and broke into a mansion. They got caught red-handed and was sent to the local police station. Luckily, Eamon used his position in the Interpol to interfere and helped freeing Enoch. Eamon also told Enoch to stay away from stealing and he would deal with the bills instead, but Enoch still blamed Eamon for not taking good care of their mother. Half a year later, their mother’s condition got worse and the doctors proposed using chemotherapy, but it would cost a fortune. Enoch didn’t let Eamon know as he didn’t believe he would help anyways, so he borrowed a loan from the local mafia and started working for them. Meanwhile, Eamon got a call from his mother asking him to tell Enoch to quit curing her as she had given him too much workload. Eamon wanted to tell Enoch to stop breaking the law, but at the same time he had to cure his mother. He hence decided to kidnap the daughter of the drug lord he had been chasing after, in exchange for a large amount of money. Yumi, Eamon’s companion in the Interpol, decided to help him as he requested. The two kidnapped Blizzard’s, an international drug lord who controls 90% of the drug market, daughter Aeren, but accidentally killed his wife when doing so. This drew Blizzard mad and issued a command to capture his wife’s killer alive. Yumi became afraid and joined Blizzard’s side after telling him Eamon was the murderer. Blizzard and his men hence ambushed the Interpol headquarters, killing dozens of agents. Eamon’s face was half-burnt due to an explosion, but despite the damage caused by Blizzard, Sharon, another Interpol agent shot Blizzard in his head, killing him. The Interpol found evidence of Eamon killing Blizzard’s daughter, but they put him in a safehouse instead, as Aeren and Blizzard’s remaining force were still seeking revenge against him.

  

## Chapter 2 – Enoch

In order to repay the loan he borrowed from the local mafia gang, Enoch started completing tasks for them. Still, despite having undergone the chemotherapy, Enoch’s mother only lived for an additional year before dying. Enoch lost everything in his life and had nothing else to worry about. However, a friend in the mafia told him he got insight sources that the Carter’s Enterprises, the pioneer of developing artificial intelligence, will be announcing a fully automatic artificial intelligence that can take any shape or form, and if Enoch got his hands on one, he could basically bring his mother back from the dead by implementing her consciousness. The friend also told Enoch he had connections with a drug lord called Blizzard (actually Aeren who took the mantle from her dad) and Blizzard could offer him the technology if he became close to him. Enoch hence started working for Blizzard. At first it was only some simple tasks, but Blizzard started using Enoch with a good grace after finding out his talent in stealing. Despite being used heavily, Enoch had never met Blizzard in person as he was normally approached by Blizzard’s trustful right-hand, Yumi. One day, Enoch was approached by Yumi who told him to steal a tissue generator from a Russian billionaire. Enoch broke into the mansion but before he could escape, he was surrounded by a group of Interpol agents, led by their captain Sharon. Enoch managed to escape but injured an Interpol agent, Anya, heavily. Enoch’s next task was to steal raw materials from a laboratory to power up the tissue generator. Enoch was no longer willing to only listen to Blizzard’s orders and said this would be his last job, and after that he would want a version of the artificial intelligence as payment. Yumi contacted Blizzard and Blizzard compromised. Together, Enoch and Yumi broke into the laboratory and retrieved the raw materials, but they were surrounded by the Interpol agents once again. The two thieves escaped onto a yacht, but it was then when Yumi revealed to Enoch that Aeren wouldn’t give him the technology. It was all a plan for Enoch to work for Blizzard, and the friend who told Enoch about the technology in prior was working for Blizzard as well. Yumi fled from the yacht before Enoch could react and moments later, he was surrounded by Interpol and the local police. At the Interpol’s headquarters, Sharon, the leading agent, told Enoch that Blizzard was killed by her and now, Blizzard’s daughter, Aeren, is the one in power. Sharon forced Enoch to cooperate with her to take down Aeren so to reduce parts of Enoch’s sentence. Enoch agreed as he wanted to take revenge on Aeren as well. Enoch contacted Yumi telling her he would be taking his revenge soon, whilst the agents used the time to trace Yumi’s IP address. Enoch, Sharon, Anya, and the other Interpol agents attacked Aeren’s base, but the doors closed quickly after the three entered the room. Toxic gas is then released outside the room, killing all the other Interpol agents. Aeren, Yumi and their men showed up outside the room after the gas concentration ws reduced. Aeren instructed Enoch to defeat the two girls, and in return she would actually offer him the technology he has been wanting for over a decade. Enoch quickly overpowered the two girls and asked Aeren to do as she promised. Aeren opened the glass cage and instructed Enoch to come up and retrieve the prize he earned. However, Enoch snatched a gun from Aeren’s men and pointed it at the druglord. Aeren claimed if Enoch pulled the trigger, her men, who have already broken into the cage, would kill both Sharon and Anya. Enoch asked Yumi why she had been using him; Yumi explained she wanted to get her hands on the tissue generator just to create artificial tissue for Eamon, whom she felt she had betrayed. Enoch moved on to persuading Yumi to apprehend Aeren and correct her mistakes, as he believed there is still good inside Yumi. Now knowing Enoch’s brother caused the death of her mother, Aeren told her men to hold down Enoch whilst she approached him, in an attempt to kill him. The moment before Aeren blew the fatal shot, Yumi attacked Aeren and together with Enoch, the two took down Aeren’s manpower. Sharon and Anya attacked from downstairs and the four together defeated Aeren. Sharon let Yumi have a head start of 2 hours before Interpol started tracking her down. Aeren and Enoch were sentenced to jail for lifelong imprisonment, but Enoch was allowed to use the tissue generator to print out artificial skin for his brother, Eamon. The estrangement between the two brothers finally broke when Eamon paid Enoch a visit in jail. However, after Enoch returned to his cell, he was informed that the Warden wanted to meet him. Yumi was waiting for Aeren and Enoch in the Warden’s office, and she told them that she started working alongside Ryan, the CEO of Carter’s Enterprise. Yumi thanked Enoch for helping her overthrow Aeren, and she now requested Enoch to work for her in an exchange to let him own a piece of a prototype of the AI technology. However, Enoch told Yumi he had let go already and that is no longer a lure to him anymore. Yumi nodded and left the office, leaving only Enoch and Aeren in the prison.

  

## Chapter 3 – Curtis

Curtis used to work in the military, but he quitted to accompany his wife after he found out his wife was pregnant. However, his wife died when she was giving birth to their baby, Venus. Since then, Curtis took care of Venus for 18 years and she managed to get into Harvard. She became friends with a rich girl named Sherman, whose father is the famous scientist, Ryan. Curtis and Ryan met occasionally, and Ryan even offered to let Curtis join his company as the security consultant, after knowing he had been in the military. One day, Ryan was invited to Harvard to give a speech about his invention, Matthew, an artificial intelligence developed to assist humans in robotic forms. After the speech, Curtis headed to the nearest convenience store to buy Venus a drink, but when he returned, a car had bumped into Venus. Jeanie, Ryan’s secretary, was driving Ryan’s car, and Venus was killed in this accident. Afterwards, Jeanie was sent on court but wasn’t sentenced to death; she was only sent to jail for 5 years. Curtis debated with Ryan asking why he helped Jeanie find the best lawyers to defend her, but Ryan claimed he didn’t. Curtis hence broke into the prison in fury and confronted Jeanie. Jeanie, however, told Curtis that Ryan framed her, and she wasn’t the real murderer. Curtis set Jeanie free but threatened to kill her parents as revenge. He then headed to Ryan’s mansion, where Ryan held a party at, and kidnapped Sherman. Curtis forced Ryan to pay him 500000 USD, or else he would announce to the world how Sherman killed her daughter. Ryan did so, but Curtis then required Ryan to give him Carter’s Enterprises, Ryan’s company. Ryan seemingly gave in, but he prepared to defeat Curtis when he met him in-person. However, Ryan was no match to Curtis and was quickly overpowered. Curtis then forced Ryan to sexually assault Sherman as payback to how Curtis lost his daughter. Not willing to let his reputation be ruined by Curtis, Ryan succumbed and raped Sherman. Little did he know Curtis caught everything on tape and streamed it. By locating Curtis’ IP address, Interpol managed to track down Curtis’ whereabouts. They broke into the warehouse and Anya was ready to shoot Curtis. However, he disappeared the moment the bullet pierced through his body. Curtis was teleported to a place where 3 girls were sitting on their thrones. They called themselves “Fates” and wanted him to be part of the Time Bureau to govern the Main Timeline. Curtis didn’t believe them and asked them to send him back, but the Fates said they saved him from death and there isn’t any way back. The leading Fate, Yumi, also promised to let Curtis reunite with his daughter once the job is finished.

  

## Chapter 4 - Ryan

As a famous scientist, Ryan couldn’t let his reputation to be ruined after his daughter, Sherman, accidentally bumped into a girl on school campus. He hence framed Jeanie, his secretary and got her into prison. However, the girl’s father, Curtis, started taking revenge after he heard on court that his daughter’s murderer was not killed. He broke into prison and located Jeanie, but Jeanie told him it was Ryan who killed his daughter. Curtis wounded Jeanie and threatened to slaughter her parents as revenge before leaving the prison. Jeanie tried to contact the prison guards for help, but they all worked for Yumi and didn’t bother to assist her. Meanwhile, Curtis killed Jeanie’s parents and switched his attention to Ryan. He kidnapped Sherman and instructed Ryan to give him 500000 USD in exchange. Ryan did so, but Curtis then required Ryan to give him Carter’s enterprises, Ryan’s technological company. Ryan seemingly gave in, and when he met Curtis in person, Ryan attempted to attack Curtis. However, Ryan was no match to Curtis and was quickly overpowered. Curtis then forced Ryan to sexually assault Sherman as payback to how Curtis lost his daughter. Not willing to let his reputation be ruined by Curtis, Ryan succumbed and raped Sherman. Little did he know Curtis caught everything on tape and streamed it. By locating Curtis’ IP address, Interpol managed to track down Curtis’ whereabouts. They broke into the warehouse and Anya, the Interpol agent, shot Curtis. However, Curtis disappeared the moment before the bullet hit him. Afterwards, Ryan’s reputation was ruined as the tape of him raping