**Redemption 3**
Following the previous instalment, #Cyrus saved #Ryan and #Curtis who were stuck in a time loop. #Cyrus armed a reset pole on the ground and sent #Ryan and #Curtis back to the [[Time Bureau]]. The duo asked #Cyrus who he was, so #Cyrus answered he was a [[Time Agent]], whose responsibility is to safeguard the Main Timeline. Now with #Ryan and #Curtis removed from the branch, they wouldn't go back to stop their young selves from saving #Kate, and hence a new branch timeline is born with #Ryan and #Curtis living in the slum. #Ryan stated that the world should be restored to when he was a scientist and announced time-travelling to the world, but #Cyrus stated the [[Fates]] believed the current timeline is the best one. #Cyrus also stated they now have nowhere to return to as their reality already has a #Ryan and a #Curtis, just like how in his time there is a #Cyrus who is arrested by the police. Hence, #Cyrus offered to let the duo stay and work as time agents, as #Ryan also upheld the concept that time-travelling would benefit mankind and the whole society. The three quickly found an [[Anachronism]] in 1945 the atomic bomb is not dropped on Hiroshima, causing a branch timeline. The three, after some digging, quickly realized it was a power called the #Buster rising in the future, and the missing of the atomicn bomb was actually their doing. #Ryan and #Curtis time-travelled to the year 2204 when #Buster rises to power, while #Cyrus stayed at the HQ to talk with the Fates. #Ryan tracked down #Buster and realized that #Buster was not a person, but a group of people led by a girl named #Jeanie. #Jeanie said to be #Ryan's granddaughter and their only goal for their doing kis 