
**Trade-Off**
#Enoch was a professional burglar, but he has been on Interpol's radar for quite a while. #Sharon was leading a team of agents in an attempt to apprehend #Enoch as he escaped after breaking into a mansion and stealing a human generator machine. However, the plan backfired when #Enoch accidentally killed a fellow Interpol agent, #Newton, when he was defending himself. #Enoch fled the scene and #Newton was sent to the hospital, but it was already too late. In the hospital, #Eamon paid #Sharon and #Newton a visit. #Eamon used to be an Interpol agent, but he once crossed the boundary when they were against a drug lord named #Blizzard. #Eamon and his parter at that time kidnapped #Blizzard's daughter to force him out of hiding, but as the approach they took was inhumane, #Eamon and his partner were dismissed as Interpol agents. Soon after, #Blizzard took revenge as when #Eamon was kidnapping #Blizzard's daughter, he accidentally killed #Blizzard's wife as well. #Blizzard's men ambushed #Eamon, causing 30% of his skin burnt. While #Eamon and #Sharon were paying their final tributes to #Newton, #Enoch met with #Blizzard, who promised to let #Enoch use the tissue generator to save his wounded brother if he could steal some raw materials for making the human tissue. #Enoch hence broke into a laboratory with a mercenary sent by #Blizzard named #Anya. They armed bombs on the pillars and caused the lab to collapse as they escaped. After fleeing the scene, #Anya claimed #Enoch had betrayed them because she found a photo of #Enoch standing next to an Interpol agent whose face was vandalized. #Anya left the scene with the raw materials and the tissue generator before #Enoch could react. Worse still, the Interpol has already surrounded the boat #Enoch was staying on, so he was apprehended quickly after. On court, #Enoch was found guilty as a CCTV footage of him killing Newton was submitted as evidence, but shortly after, #Sharon broke #Enoch out. It turned out that the recording was faked by #Sharon, but #Blizzard has evidence of #Sharon framing #Enoch. #Blizzard met with #Sharon and surprisingly to #Sharon, #Blizzard was only a puppet and the real mastermind behind him was #Anya. #Anya used to be an Interpol agent working with #Eamon, but when the two attempted to force #Blizzard out of hiding, they accidentally killed his wife. #Anya knew that #Blizzard won't let her escape easily, and hence she decided to join #Blizzard's side to prevent himself from being hunted. She then worked for #Blizzard until #Blizzard was diagnosed with cancer last year. He left his whole empire to #Anya and #Anya hence found a random lackey to act as #Blizzard, a puppet working for her. #Anya wanted #Sharon to help break #Enoch out of the Interpol as she regretted betraying #Enoch after knowing #Enoch was in fact #Eamon's brother. However, things didn't go the way she planned. #Enoch teamed up with #Sharon to capture #Anya as #Sharon promised she would let #Enoch use the tissue generator to save #Matthew after #Anya was apprehended. #Anya tried to persuade #Enoch to join her side and grow their empire, but #Enoch refused. Desperately, #Anya told #Enoch the truth that #Sharon set up evidence to put #Enoch in jail, but #Sharon defended that she was consumed by her anger. #Enoch shot #Sharon out of the blue and claimed to join #Anya's side. However, he double-crossed her and put handcuffs on #Anya's her when she wasn't aware. #Enoch kept his promise to #Sharon, but he hoped #Sharon could keep hers as well. In the end, all 3 of them were sent to prison. #Enoch turned himself in and claimed that he had killed #Newton, while #Sharon was found guilty for faking evidence; #Anya was found guilty of drug trafficking and for several murder charges. #Sharon kept her end of the deal and asked the Interpol to let #Eamon use the tissue generator to fix his burn skin. #Eamon didn't know his brother, #Enoch, was the person that offered him the chance, but he had a strong feeling that #Enoch was part of the reason. The two originally declared an end to their relationship, but after the incident, #Eamon paid #Enoch a visit in prison. The two brothers reunited and hugged each other. While the two were having a great time, #Anya started building her criminal empire within the jail cells.